java c
MSc (Environmental Management) 
Environmental and Sustainability Management - Law, Governance and Practice 
LL5459X [E1] and [E2] 
Semester 1 AY 2024/2025 
GROUP ASSIGNMENT 
This Assignment will account for 40% of your overall grades 
Groups are to select and answer ONE (1) out of Question  A, B or C. 
Instructions: 
1. Group presentation of preliminary update (max 15 min) to be presented on [E1] 4 Nov 24; and [E2] 5 Nov 24. 2.  Word Limit - The upper word limit for the written assignment is 5000 words (excluding footnotes and references, if any). Information, views and ideas from other sources relied on or included in the submission should be acknowledged via a footnote.   Direct quotes, where used, should be cited and referenced.  Where internet sources are used, the URL link should be included.  Please use Calibri font size 12, line spacing 1.15. 3.          Indicate clearly at the top of the paper whether you have selected Question A, B or C. Please state the Group Name (if any) and Matriculation Numbers of the group members on the frontpage of the paper. Your names must NOT appear in the paper. 4.          Submission  deadline  - The  completed  written  assignment to  be  uploaded  to  the Group Assignment Submission folder on CANVAS in pdf format no later than 11.59 pm on Friday, 22 Nov 2024. Marks will be deducted for late submission without a valid reason.
5.          The group assignment constitutes 40% of your overall grades of which :-
(a)  oral presentation -  5%
(b) written submission - 35%.
Question A ChromusCo is a   mid-size family owned Asian based company that manufactures a diverse range of meat and plant-based food products. ChromusCo owns and operates its own farms (livestock and agriculture) and food processing plants in Asia but also sources from a global network of small farmers both directly as well as indirectly. ChromusCo also contracts with a carefully  selected global  network  of  third  party  factories  to  manufacture  their  products. ChromusCo distributes its goods globally through various channels. ChromusCo intends to further expand their operations globally including establishing new facilities  in Africa and LatinAmerica and growing their revenue and profitability especially in the EU and US markets. Recent  market  surveys  reflect  increasing  consumer  demand for  organic  and  sustainably sourced products which ChromusCo has to date, not consciously deployed in its sourcing and production practices.The CEO is aware that an  Emirates  Declaration on Sustainable Agriculture,  Resilient  Food Systems and Climate Action” was signed by over 150 countries at COP28 although he is not familiar with the details. He also learnt that the COP29 Presidency has announced a Thematic Day on  Food, Agriculture and Water at COP29, reflecting the importance that the COP29 Presidency has placed on agriculture and advancing sustainable and resilient food systems globally.  He  recalls  that   ChromusCo’s  corporate  communications  director  has  recently highlighted the  increasing  scrutiny  of the  sector’s  environmental footprint  by  regulators, investors and the  public as well  as concerns among stakeholders about ethical sourcing, labour practices and product traceability.The  CEO   is  concerned  about  the   implications  of  these  developments  on  ChromusCo’s operations  and  expansion  plans  and  has  appointed  your  firm  to  advise  the  Board  and management.   He sees merit in integrating sustainability into ChromusCo’s business model and the need for a cohesive sustainability strategy that can effectively address the challenges inherent in the industry.Your firm  has  been  appointed  to  advise  the  CEO  and  ChromusCo’s  management  on  the various  dimensions  of  sustainability  and  ESG;  the  relevant  regulatory  and  voluntary  ESG standards and trends in the sector;  the material issues specific to ChromusCo; the risks and opportunities; the possible elements of  an integrated sustainability and ESG strategy as well as a roadmap towards the development and implementation of such strategy. Your firm may address other issues that your firm considers pertinent.
The CEO has requested a preliminary update of up to 15 minutes next week and a full report to be submitted by 22 Nov 2024.
You  may  refer  to  actual  examples  and  studies  from  other  companies  in  the  food  and agricultural sector to support your recommendations and highlight best practices.
Question B TragexCo is an Asia based technology conglomerate that is known for its innovative software and hardware including a range of electronic consumer products. TragexCo corporate tagline is “ Technology as a force for good, technology for the future” .TragexCo’s consumer products are known for their innovative features and packaging, with new product lines released every 18 months. TragexCo owns and operates a few assembly plants in Asia but mostly engages third party original equipment manufacturers located in other countries to manufacture and/or source the components and assemble the products.TragexCo’s services  include  cloud  computing and data  management  and  recently  started collaborating with an AI start up to integrate AI features in their products. To support their service offerings, TragexCo established data and server centres代 写LL5459X [E1] and [E2] Environmental and Sustainability Management – Law, Governance and Practice Semester 1 AY 2024/2025Statistics
代做程序编程语言 in various countries around the  world. Since then, the government in a few of these countries have committed to more ambitious NDCs and have considered imposing regulations such as carbon pricing or cap and trade regimes to limit carbon emissions.While TragexCo has achieved commercial success, TragexCo’s management recognises the growing  importance  of  sustainability  and  environmental,  social  and  governance  (ESG) considerations and  need to align its operations with sustainability goals. The management has learnt that the COP29 Presidency intends to launch the Green Digital Action Declaration but is  not aware of  its focus as  regards the  role of digitalization for climate action or  its implications for TragexCo.Meantime, TragexCo’s investors and some activist shareholders have demanded that the firm adopts a more comprehensive and proactive approach to address environmental, social, and governance concerns. NGOs have criticised the company for contributing disproportionately to GHG emissions,  contributing to plastic and e-waste and not doing its part for sustainable development.TragexCo’s board of directors have established a taskforce to develop a comprehensive and innovative ESG strategy that aligns with the company’s values as well as the company’score business operations. The board of directors see this as critical to maintaining and enhancing the company’s competitive edge and financial performance.The task force’s terms  of  reference  is  to  advise  the  board  of  the  rationale  and  various dimensions of sustainability and ESG; the relevant regulatory and voluntary ESG standards and trends in the sector;  the material issues specific to TragexCo; the risks and opportunities the possible elements of  an integrated sustainability and ESG strategy as well as a roadmap towards the development and implementation of such strategy. The taskforce may address other issues that it considers pertinent.
The task force is to provide a preliminary update of up to 15 minutes next week and a full report to be submitted by 22 Nov 2024.
You may refer to actual examples and studies from other companies in the technology sector to support your recommendations and highlight best practices.
Question C HexCois amid-size global transportation, distribution and logistics company. HexCo provides freight and  package  delivery  and  courier services for a  range  of  customers  ranging from corporate customers, SMEs and individuals. HexCo owns and operates a fleet of planes and local  transportation  vehicles.  HexCo  also  owns  and  operates  warehouses  24/7  in  most jurisdictions in which they operate, to handle the processing of freight and packages. In some countries,  HexCo  contracts  with   local  partners  to   handle  the  domestic   processing  and domestic collection / delivery of freight and packages.While  HexCo  has  gained  considerable  market  share  of  the  global  e-commerce  market, HexCo’s institutional investors are keen for HexCo to expand and join the league of market leaders in the global logistics sector.HexCo’s  CEO  is  conscious  of  the  environmental  footprint  of  the  company’s  operations, recalling a McKinsey report which stated that the transport sector produces 23% of global energy-related CO2 emissions and is a major source of local outdoor air pollution.  HexCo has been  advised  of  the  likelihood  of  countries  making  more  ambitious  NDCs  and  imposingregulations such as carbon  pricing  or  cap  and trade  regimes.    In  addition,  many  of their customers   are    increasingly   sensitive    to    Scope   3    emissions    emanating   from   their transportation, distribution and logistics supply chain. NGOs have also flagged the logistics sector for their contribution to  packaging waste. The CEO  noted that COP29 will feature among others, a Climate Compatible Growth COP29 Transport Day, a Sustainable Transport Day at the SDG Pavilion, and a thematic Transport Day Presidency and is anxious about the implications of any potential COP29 developments on HexCo.HexCo’s CEO recognises the growing importance of a more comprehensive and proactive approach to sustainability and to environmental, social, and governance concerns and has appointed across-departmental committee to develop a comprehensive and innovative ESG strategy that aligns with the company’s values and the company’score business operations, as well as to capture new “green” opportunities.  This is critical to the success of HexCo’s expansion plans.The committee is to submit a report to HexCo’s management on the various dimensions of sustainability andESG; the relevant regulatory and voluntary ESG standards and trends in the sector;   the  material  issues  specific  to  HexCo;  the  risks  and  opportunities;  the  possible elements of  an integrated sustainability and ESG strategy as well as a roadmap towards the development and implementation of such strategy. The committee may address other issues that it considers pertinent.
The committee is to provide a preliminary update of up to 15 minutes next week and a full report to be submitted by 22 Nov 2024.
You may refer to actual examples and studies from other companies in the logistics sector to support your recommendations and highlight best practices.







         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
